fourth quarter of 2023,
Hong Kong people used a total of 160 billion credit cards.
What is the price behind the freedom that credit cards seem to give us?
In fact, it turns out that many people still don't know the operating principle of
this card that has been in their wallets for decades.
So we interviewed our colleagues
to see how much they know about credit cards. They
use credit cards a lot,
but do they know how credit cards make money?
Merchants charge fees.
I guess they make
money from people who can't pay back their debts.
In addition, they make money from merchants' cooperation fees.
It seems that my colleagues don't know much about credit cards.
Fortunately,
to understand the operating mechanism of credit cards, it's nothing more
than one word,
"trust", which
is credit in English.
In the financial world, there are generally two types of people.